[clang] Fix a segfault when M is a nullptr (#130712)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Fixed an assertion failure affecting code that uses C++23 "deducing this". (#GH130272)
- Clang now properly instantiates destructors for initialized members within non-delegating constructors. (#GH93251)
- Correctly diagnoses if unresolved using declarations shadows template paramters (#GH129411)

> - Clang no longer segfaults when there is a configuration mismatch between modules and their users (http://crbug.com/400353616).

Reviewer: I think it is better to refer this PR.
```suggestion
- Clang no longer segfaults when there is a configuration mismatch between modules and their users (#GH130712).
```
